Hello world!

Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing!



Copper K Realty

Expert Level Real Estate 

25 Years Experience 

Contact Us Today 

Service Area 

Calgary and out to Strathmore, Okotoks, Airdrie, and Cochrane. Urban and Rural. 

Residential: apartments, townhouses, detached homes, duplexes. 

Expert and fast market analysis. All your real estate questions answered quickly and accurately. 

inspections, mortgages, disclosures, deposits, showings, offers, counter offers, hot markets, etc - all explained clearly. 

Practice makes Perfect. As a Real Estate Broker (a Broker is a Real Estate Agent who owns his own company), I have taken extra courses in areas of Real Estate Appraisal, Law, Mortgages, and Management. Combine that with 25 years of experience and the fact that I personally take care of all aspects of your real estate transaction - things don't get missed. I've had hundreds of transactions, with as many clients, agents, and properties - every one is unique, and there is a broad range of opportunity, emotion, and situation that I understand and deal with professionally - always keeping the best interest of my clients first and foremost. 

Kelvin Adolph, Broker 

"We've moved a lot. What I like about Kelvin is that whatever the situation he doesn't get flustered. He clearly explains the market and comes up with a truly effective plan." - Karen S. 

"Just honest - I know he'll give the straight goods and that makes it so I can relax!." - George H. 

Fast REsponse time Text or call 403-519-0051 or email to re@copperk.com



About

About us. 

We started in the 90s as Calgary's premier low fees / full service Realtors. Unlike other, "discount brokerages", of that time (and today) we did not compromise on service in exchange for lower cost. In fact we went above and beyond: more education, more expertise, more personality - all leading to excellent results for our clients. Many called us "a breath of fresh air." 

Kelvin Adolph, Broker 

Practice makes perfect. 

As a Real Estate Broker (a Broker is a Real Estate Agent who owns his own company), I have taken extra courses in areas of Real Estate Appraisal, Law, Mortgages, and Management. Combine that with 25 years of experience and the fact that I personally take care of all aspects of your real estate transaction - things don't get missed. I've had hundreds of transactions, with as many clients, agents, and properties - every one is unique, and there is a broad range of opportunity, emotion, and situation that I understand and deal with professionally - always keeping the best interest of my clients first and foremost.



Contact

Copper K Realty 

I'd love to hear from you! Am here to answer your questions, provide real time information, and help with your real estate sales and purchases. 

403-519-0051 re@copperk.com 

All queries are responded to right away, usually within an hour. 

K Adolph Realty Corporaton o/a Copper K Realty 1917 Glenwood Dr SW Calgary AB T3E 3Y4 

Unlike "team" approaches to Real Estate marketing, I personally handle every aspect of your real estate transaction. Inquiries go directly to me - not a novice underling. I'm always there to make sure important details don't get missed. Kelvin Adolph, Broker



no-title

Kelvin Adolph, Broker 2023 © All Rights Reserved

